hey what's up guys is why chain here are
six pack shortcuts I'm here with my
friend Daniel rose and Dan's going to
show you an awesome cardio today that
you can do at home with no equipment
whatsoever this cardio routine is called
m100 it's better than doing treadmills
or you saying ellipticals bicycles or
things like that the reason why is
because this routine is going to allow
you to work more muscle groups in one
exercise and one routine and do any of
those cardio's it's literally only takes
a couple minutes to do you'll burn a lot
more calories dan where'd you learn this
routine from so this actually comes from
my jujitsu coach Geoff Ginsburg up in
Boston who is a great coach inferior up
there m100 stand for mandatory 100 which
we just do the whole thing without
stopping basically it consists of three
exercise number one the squad ross
number do the mountain climber and
number through the squat job and we're
going to show you all three basically
the idea is you do 10 of each exercise
for all three and then we're peepees
until you've done 100 repetitions code
and again we're going to show you
exactly where we again this is super
intense cardio a literally takes like
two minutes and at the end you're gonna
be like burnt out way more effective
those two minutes like half an hour an
hour to go tripping so if you don't do I
wonder if you're they making you again
well that's important 02 because I'm
going to go pretty fast but if you can't
go that fast that's okay but the key
with this is don't take any breaks just
go continuously straight to the end and
doing down 100 England have to go slow
and you'll be getting a good workout
yeah guys this is Imperial
I do this all the time to make sure just
here quick cardio workout exhibition
all right guys there you have it in
100's mandatory 100 it's probably still
in a few minutes and this is amazing
it's amazing how much you can get done
just a few minutes how you feeling I
mean you do see how short that was we
have my car dealers Julia totally run
that right now summer yeah dan has
excellent cardio cardio vascular is it's
hard to rulers drawn upon the breezes
wives because he does exercise like
these do only try them out and this is
your first time doing it it's gonna be
really tough to you know go straight
like that like and is doing give us some
time wrap up slowly but you'll find that
as you start to get better at this not
only where you party good better but
you'll see your body back there be such
a melt away so for more workouts and you
go ahead and find out for on full
workout routines more carnival stuff
like this diets things like that check
out the website sixpackshortcuts.com
you'll find the whole system there see
you later
oh then you're right he's our children
who let Scotty has two minutes right
there I mean you can see what good she
likes in and that's it oh they're
tough you gotta try
you